README.md, before:

# Python TFT Auto Battler Bot
[![Imports: isort](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20imports-isort-%231674b1?style=flat&labelColor=ef8336)](https://pycqa.github.io/isort/)

This is an auto TFT bot, with some decent logic built in.

Some features of this bot:
- Ability to pause/resume the bot using `alt+p`
  - This uses the [keyboard](https://pypi.org/project/keyboard/) package, which allows it to listen globally (so you don't need to have the console selected in the foreground for this to take effect)
- Does not surrender, allowing it to play out most games, which at the ELO your bot will end up at means there's a decent chance you end up in top 4
  - If you're using this for event pass grinding, it will increase your odds of being top 4 which increases the points earned per minute played
- Draft stage pathing (does not just walk to one point, will walk counter-clockwise to try to ensure it picks up a champ)
- Basic gold logic to only click based on the gold available
  - If >= 4, buy xp 
  - If >= 1, attempt 3 champ purchases
    - After that, if >= 2, re-roll

TODO (near future):
- Update `README.md` to mention exectuables as the preferred way for users to use this
 - This is pending further testing & verification
- Add ability to load from config file of some sort so that verbose can be enabled without running via CLI

Some features I hope to implement at some point:
- Ability to work on any monitor and/or in Windowed mode (make clicking relative to window location), which would help in not needing to change your actual monitors resolution
- Update LoL game & client executable "constants" to be detectable
  - I implemented this in a lazy way for now since it was quick, and reliable so long as you don't have a non-default install location for LoL

## Info / Why I forked it
I've fairly heavily forked this from what it originally was, but if you'd like to see the original, I'm not claiming to have made this from scratch:

- https://github.com/Detergent13

I decided to fork this after being frustrated with the lack of updates and/or features, and the delay it would take in getting PRs merged even if the work is done by the community. I had been using this modified script for a while now, but realized I may as well formally fork & upload it since it's been fairly stable.

To be clear I don't blame Detergent13 at all, I just have different feelings about what belongs in the bot / envisions for what this could become.

For example:
- I've completely removed the event-bubble style that the code was previously written to utilize, and instead uses an event-loop style system (which is much cleaner and less prone to breaking IMO)
  - One major benefit of this change, is that the bot can now start mid-game and will resume when it finds the first recognizable marker
- Update some of the logic to be based on the executable running, since there's no point attempting them if the game isn't open
- Introduce "constants" style paths, allowing cleaner re-use of image/file locations
- Added gold logic from [this pr](https://github.com/Detergent13/tft-bot/pull/91) which was stale/stuck

On that note, if anyone has any suggestions / features they would like to see, please feel free to suggest in an [issue](https://github.com/Kyrluckechuck/tft-bot/issues), or by submitting your own PR to this!

# Usage

* Adding the `--ffearly` argument will make it forfeit at the first opportunity
* Adding the (`-v` or `--verbose`) argument will enable more verbose debug logging
  * To be updated further to actually utilize this setting, at present it just prints a statement saying it's enabled/disabled

# Installation:

* Install Python 3.10 from [here](https://www.python.org/downloads/), or the Windows Store
* Navigate to your install directory using `cd` and run `pip install -r requirements.txt` in Command Prompt
* Navigate to your install directory using `cd` and run `py tft.py` in Command Prompt
* Follow the instructions in your terminal window! Get into a TFT lobby, have the created window visible on your screen, and press 'OK' to start the bot!

# Troubleshooting:

* If these steps don't work, try running the file with `python "tft.py"` instead (For Windows Store/MacOS/Linux users especially) Likewise, try `pip3` instead of `pip` for installing requirements.
* If pip doesn't seem to exist, try installing it [here](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installing/). Essentially 'save as' from [here](https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py), then run `py get-pip.py` and try to use pip again
* The bot is configured to work with in-game resolution 1920x1080, and League client resolution 1280x720. (Also Windows scaling 100%) You can switch this up though, just re-capture the images in the captures folder!
* If you're having issues with Python not working properly, please make sure you have the correct version (3.8.3) installed, and all of the correct module versions installed, as listed in requirements.txt
* Make sure to run League and the bot on your main monitor, as it doesn't support additional monitors!
If you need additional help, feel free to reach out to me via an [issue](https://github.com/Kyrluckechuck/tft-bot/issues).

Commit message:

Load From Settings File, With CLI Taking Precedence (#32)
* Load From Settings File, With CLI Taking Precedence

* Fix Sorting / Linting

* Update README

README.md, after:

# Python TFT Auto Battler Bot
[![Imports: isort](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20imports-isort-%231674b1?style=flat&labelColor=ef8336)](https://pycqa.github.io/isort/)

This is an auto TFT bot, with some decent logic built in.

Some features of this bot:
- Ability to pause/resume the bot using `alt+p`
  - This uses the [keyboard](https://pypi.org/project/keyboard/) package, which allows it to listen globally (so you don't need to have the console selected in the foreground for this to take effect)
- Does not surrender, allowing it to play out most games, which at the ELO your bot will end up at means there's a decent chance you end up in top 4
  - If you're using this for event pass grinding, it will increase your odds of being top 4 which increases the points earned per minute played
- Draft stage pathing (does not just walk to one point, will walk counter-clockwise to try to ensure it picks up a champ)
- Basic gold logic to only click based on the gold available
  - If >= 4, buy xp 
  - If >= 1, attempt 3 champ purchases
    - After that, if >= 2, re-roll

TODO (near future):
- Update `README.md` to mention exectuables as the preferred way for users to use this
 - This is pending further testing & verification
- Add ability to load from config file of some sort so that verbose can be enabled without running via CLI

Some features I hope to implement at some point:
- Ability to work on any monitor and/or in Windowed mode (make clicking relative to window location), which would help in not needing to change your actual monitors resolution
- Update LoL game & client executable "constants" to be detectable
  - I implemented this in a lazy way for now since it was quick, and reliable so long as you don't have a non-default install location for LoL

## Info / Why I forked it
I've fairly heavily forked this from what it originally was, but if you'd like to see the original, I'm not claiming to have made this from scratch:

- https://github.com/Detergent13

I decided to fork this after being frustrated with the lack of updates and/or features, and the delay it would take in getting PRs merged even if the work is done by the community. I had been using this modified script for a while now, but realized I may as well formally fork & upload it since it's been fairly stable.

To be clear I don't blame Detergent13 at all, I just have different feelings about what belongs in the bot / envisions for what this could become.

For example:
- I've completely removed the event-bubble style that the code was previously written to utilize, and instead uses an event-loop style system (which is much cleaner and less prone to breaking IMO)
  - One major benefit of this change, is that the bot can now start mid-game and will resume when it finds the first recognizable marker
- Update some of the logic to be based on the executable running, since there's no point attempting them if the game isn't open
- Introduce "constants" style paths, allowing cleaner re-use of image/file locations
- Added gold logic from [this pr](https://github.com/Detergent13/tft-bot/pull/91) which was stale/stuck

On that note, if anyone has any suggestions / features they would like to see, please feel free to suggest in an [issue](https://github.com/Kyrluckechuck/tft-bot/issues), or by submitting your own PR to this!

# Usage / Settings

* Adding the `--ffearly` argument will make it forfeit at the first opportunity
* Adding the (`-v` or `--verbose`) argument will enable more verbose debug logging
  * To be updated further to actually utilize this setting, at present it just prints a statement saying it's enabled/disabled

## Config Structure
If you want to use frequent settings / "set it and forget it", you can do so by creating `bot-settings.ini` with the following structure:
```ini
[SETTINGS]
Verbose = True
ForfeitEarly = False
```

Any setting not specified will fall back on the default behaviour, though CLI settings will take highest precedence (overriding config settings).

# Installation:

* Install Python 3.10 from [here](https://www.python.org/downloads/), or the Windows Store
* Navigate to your install directory using `cd` and run `pip install -r requirements.txt` in Command Prompt
* Navigate to your install directory using `cd` and run `py tft.py` in Command Prompt
* Follow the instructions in your terminal window! Get into a TFT lobby, have the created window visible on your screen, and press 'OK' to start the bot!

# Troubleshooting:

* If these steps don't work, try running the file with `python "tft.py"` instead (For Windows Store/MacOS/Linux users especially) Likewise, try `pip3` instead of `pip` for installing requirements.
* If pip doesn't seem to exist, try installing it [here](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installing/). Essentially 'save as' from [here](https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py), then run `py get-pip.py` and try to use pip again
* The bot is configured to work with in-game resolution 1920x1080, and League client resolution 1280x720. (Also Windows scaling 100%) You can switch this up though, just re-capture the images in the captures folder!
* If you're having issues with Python not working properly, please make sure you have the correct version (3.8.3) installed, and all of the correct module versions installed, as listed in requirements.txt
* Make sure to run League and the bot on your main monitor, as it doesn't support additional monitors!
If you need additional help, feel free to reach out to me via an [issue](https://github.com/Kyrluckechuck/tft-bot/issues).
